and then take over the impasse in video as
we were here this simulator attention
I agree very well here with the
35 he has here the simulator
in this matter of mana
flag is the following it gives a slight
feel on your guitar that you are
let's say so because
he takes from his guitar the
frequencies of medium and leaves more acute
and serious and you have the feeling that
It seems that I was on the guitar so I
I have here
now the simulator
But this is not guitar that gives you
a feeling there is the tone here
the guitar that would be to the top of the
guitar on top is the part where it is sônia
more at school sin take out malisse tobo
leave 0 you see difference has more
sound from inside the guitar is crazy
guitar and when you put
he has another command here that
get the board that would be the body
size
and I get that people leave class
more sequido ready and I have the volume
This gives you that feeling of the guitar more
the idea is that you plug the guitar
in its true and you have a have a
different frequency response not
have been angry I have guitar
I'm going to call you to put a lap on something.
so I call the guitar pick up week
which accuses the way a little bit
body cap frequency and leaves
beauty, and then you can use the ball and America.
has a pedal where it gives a feeling
Maggie improved fishing nets and seemed
we are not guitar
out here behind it is still a
electric circuit you hit it
transforms your guitar guitar but it is
a thing made by a circuit
specific of the law you do not have this
supposed simulation that such a sensation
that you took the middle is so much if you
you get the analogue you get back to
blockade of the controlled drug
increases to another service and
do not stay
so it is what takes you so far
if there is a guitar somewhere here I
I can work the fear then I have been
only that it is not that in fact this
simulation will leave to avoid
steel guitar retention in the area and takes
it would be very easy things are not like that
Of course I'll connect a guitar here in
pedal because it is already regularized and
then the value that we will not leave
ready for 21 and it was then that you
have doubt about it picks the wrong
Legs will not even see you
so I went